[rule] Push Cargo.lock in SCM requirement (#65)
ANSSI-FR/rust-guide: src/en/02_devenv.md

- It’s also a front-end to run complementary tools such as those that are
  described below, in the form of sub-commands.

Cargo enables automatic dependencies resolution before compilation 
by checking their checksums.

> File `Cargo.lock` beholds all dependencies checksums which are compared to

Reviewer: beholds -> stores

behold seems archaic and too formal

the one downloaded.

> When difference is detected, compilation fails:

Reviewer: When -> If a

```
error: checksum for `sha256 v1.6.0` changed between lock files

this could be indicative of a few possible errors:

    * the lock file is corrupt
    * a replacement source in use (e.g., a mirror) returned a different checksum
    * the source itself may be corrupt in one way or another

unable to verify that `sha256 v1.6.0` is the same as when the lockfile was generated
```

> `Cargo.lock` file is fed with dependencies' checksums when it is missing, following TOFU (*Trust On First Use*) policy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the `Cargo.lock` file is missing, it is generated on first build and records the dependencies' checksums, adhering to a TOFU (*Trust On First Use*) policy.
```

Also maybe add something about generating manually with `cargo generate-lockfile`? is it really useful?

> ### Rule {{#check DENV-CARGO-LOCK | Track Cargo.lock in version control system}}
>

> > File `Cargo.lock` must be tracked by version control system

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> `Cargo.lock` files must be tracked by version control system.
```

- It’s also a front-end to run complementary tools such as those that are
  described below, in the form of sub-commands.

Cargo enables automatic dependencies resolution before compilation 
by checking their checksums.

> File `Cargo.lock` contains all dependencies checksums which are compared to

Reviewer 2: The other major benefit is that when an update of a dependency breaks things, it doesn't automatically break your CI. It does mean that you will have to manually update dependencies every once in a while though.

Reviewer 2: Also maybe linking to https://doc.rust-lang.org/cargo/faq.html#why-have-cargolock-in-version-control would make sense?
